Notes about ILogger calling serilogger and traceid notes (#13439)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/tracing/connect_logs_and_traces/dotnet.md

## Getting started

> Before you begin, 

Reviewer: Can this be removed? If possible I would like to trim text to make the docs as concise as possible (while still being informative of course)

Author: Done

**Note:** If you are not using a [Datadog Log Integration][7] to parse your logs, custom log parsing rules must parse `dd.trace_id` and `dd.span_id` as strings. For information, see the [FAQ on this topic][10].

> **Note**: If you are using Serilog, Nlog or log4net *through* ILogger, see the Microsoft.Extensions.Logging section to configure these properties via `BeginScope()`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
**Note**: If you are using Serilog, Nlog or log4net with ILogger, see the Microsoft.Extensions.Logging section to configure these properties using `BeginScope()`.
```

Author: I think through is the better word, but I removed the bold. You call the ILogger APIs and that calls the Serilog/NLog/Etc. However, if you feel strongly about it, I will to your expertise.

Reviewer 2: No problem, that works.

**Note**: The Serilog library requires message property names to be valid C# identifiers. The required property names are: `dd_env`, `dd_service`, `dd_version`, `dd_trace_id`, and `dd_span_id`.

> **Note**: If you are using Serilog through ILogger, see the [ILogger section](?tab=microsoftextensionslogging#configure-log-collection) to configure these properties via `BeginScope()`.

Reviewer 2: This is the ILogger section: https://docs.datadoghq.com/tracing/connect_logs_and_traces/dotnet/?tab=microsoftextensionslogging#configure-log-collection

Reviewer: Two notes:

1. I recommend moving this note out of the Serilog example and into the Manual injection section, because this applies to multiple logging libraries, not just Serilog.
2. Since this will be directly above the examples tabs, I think you can remove the link entirely.

Author: Done

{{% /tab %}}
{{% tab "Microsoft.Extensions.Logging" %}}

> *Note:* If you are using Serilog as an ILogger provider, it is preferrably to use this `ILogger.BeginScope()` method as opposed to the Serilog static properties. Passing an `ILogger.BeginScope()` an `IDictionary<string,object>` as the same effect as `LogContext.PushProperty()`. See [this blog by the author of Serilog][13].

Reviewer: @zippy1981 from your experience, do you think this note is required or do you think we can remove this additional text? The other edits you've provided will redirect ILogger/Serilog users here, and the steps below only indicate how to use `ILogger.BeginScope` since it is our recommended path. I'm thinking it may be unnecessary text and that removing it could remove some confusion, but I wonder what you think?

Author: The key thing for me is pointing people towards that blog by the author of Serilog on how Beginscope works. I do agree this note is probably redundant, so where do you suggest I direct people towards that blog.

Reviewer 2: @zippy1981 @zacharycmontoya 
What about adding a line like this at the end of this section:

You can read more about using BeginScope in this blog post, [The semantics of ILogger.BeginScope()][13].

{{% /tab %}}
{{< /tabs >}}

You can read more about using BeginScope to create structured log messages using the following log providers:

> - [Serilog][13],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- Serilog: [The semantics of ILogger.BeginScope()][13]
```

> - [NLog][14],

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- NLog: [NLog properties with Microsoft Extension Logging][14]
```

> - [log4net][15]

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
- log4net: [Using BeginScope][15]
```

## Configure log collection

> Ensure that log collection is configured in the Datadog Agent and that the [Logs Agent configuration][12] for the specified files to tail is set to `source: csharp` so log pipelines can parse the log files. For more information, see [C# Log Collection][7]. If the `source` is set to a value other than `csharp`, you may need to add a [trace remapper](/logs/log_configuration/processors/?tab=ui#trace-remapper) to the appropriate log processing pipeline for correlation to work properly.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Ensure that log collection is configured in the Datadog Agent and that the [Logs Agent configuration][12] for the specified files to tail is set to `source: csharp` so log pipelines can parse the log files. For more information, see [C# Log Collection][7]. If the `source` is set to a value other than `csharp`, you may need to add a [trace remapper](/logs/log_configuration/processors/?tab=ui#trace-remapper) to the appropriate log processing pipeline for the correlation to work correctly.
```

## Configure log collection

> Ensure that log collection is configured in the Datadog Agent and that the [Logs Agent configuration][12] for the specified files to tail is set to `source: csharp` so log pipelines can parse the log files. For more information, see [C# Log Collection][7]. If you do configure the `source` to a value other than `csharp`, add a [trace remapper](/logs/log_configuration/processors/?tab=ui#trace-remapper) to that source so the trace id gets marked. Otherwise correlation will not occur.

Reviewer: Small edit:

```suggestion
Ensure that log collection is configured in the Datadog Agent and that the [Logs Agent configuration][12] for the specified files to tail is set to `source: csharp` so log pipelines can parse the log files. For more information, see [C# Log Collection][7]. If the `source` is set to a value other than `csharp`, you may need to add a [trace remapper](/logs/log_configuration/processors/?tab=ui#trace-remapper) to the appropriate log processing pipeline for correlation to work properly.
```
